I have worked on this project over the summer and it is in a basic state right now. Perhaps I will revisit this program sometime and update it to do a lot more interesting functions and overall work better. Some new features that I may include in subsequent versions of the Geography Comparer include:
1.  Additional Information: Right now, only the land area, population, and population density of a country is recorded in the comparer. Having more information about a country would be beneficial in further teaching users about the country they are searching for. Such new things would include the country's national capital, largest city, currency, dominant religion, driving side of the road, and plug type. This should not require a complete overhaul of the program to implement, but it still requires updating the basic .csv files to accommodate them.
2.  Comparing cities: Another feature that I was thinking of adding into the Geographic Comparer is the ability to compare things other than countries, such as cities, national organizations (such as the EU), and maybe even continents. It would certainly add more variety for comparing things and make the program more flexible and dynamic.
3.  Updated List Managing: Currently you can add and remove access to any .csv file from the program. But to actually add, move, and delete those files, you still have to do it outside the program in the command terminal. I can try to utilize more system() calls in my program's code to implement those features, especially for deleting files. For adding files, I'm debating between using the already existing text editor in Windows/Linux or making a simple .csv editor of my own.
4.  Updated Graphical Interfaces: This was my first project in which I attempted to create graphics for my program. Some words are colored, boldened, underlined, or under a colored background for emphasis, and a new screen would be displayed in the terminal as you navigate through the Comparer. Some additional graphics I may add in the future include having outlined boxes around the program and title for further distinguishment, and a visual representation of the country, which is most likely going to be its flag.
